OSDOCS-1630 - RHCOS bootupd overview (#28071)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rhcos-about.adoc

the new version. The machine will reboot into the update in a rolling manner to
ensure cluster capacity is minimally impacted.

> * **bootupd firmware and bootloader updater**: Package managers and hybrid systems such as rpm-ostree do not update the firmware or the bootloader. With bootupd, {op-system} users have access to a cross-distribution, system-agnostic OS update tool that manages firmware and boot updates in UEFI and legacy BIOS boot modes that run on modern architectures such as ppc64le and aarch64.

Reviewer: This works for me but I modified it slightly for some nits :-)

```suggestion
* **bootupd firmware and bootloader updater**: Package managers and hybrid systems such as rpm-ostree do not update the firmware or the bootloader. With bootupd, {op-system} users have access to a cross-distribution, system-agnostic update tool that manages firmware and boot updates in UEFI and legacy BIOS boot modes that run on modern architectures such as x86_64, ppc64le, and aarch64.
```

Author: Excellent, thanks @ashcrow - I have updated with your suggestions. Could you please ack if this looks good to you and I will merge?

Reviewer: Looks good!

> * **bootupd firmware and bootloader updater**: Package managers and hybrid systems such as rpm-ostree do not update the firmware or the bootloader. With bootupd, {op-system} users have access to a cross-distribution, system-agnostic update tool that manages firmware and boot updates in UEFI and legacy BIOS boot modes that run on modern architectures, such as x86_64, ppc64le, and aarch64.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **bootupd firmware and bootloader updater**: Package managers and hybrid systems such as `rpm-ostree` do not update the firmware or the bootloader. With `bootupd`, {op-system} users have access to a cross-distribution, system-agnostic update tool that manages firmware and boot updates in UEFI and legacy BIOS boot modes that run on modern architectures, such as x86_64, ppc64le, and aarch64.
```
